Xsiam jira integration (#18711)
demisto/content: Packs/Jira/ReleaseNotes/2_0_0.md

#### Integrations
##### New: Jira Audit Records

> - The integration fetches Audit Records form Jira (Available XSIAM).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The integration fetches Audit Records from Jira (Available in Cortex XSIAM).
```
